When ur straight but everyone thinks ur gay so only guys hit u up . every time i eat the soup i feel so lost . I really love this sub the last weeks . I see a lot of funny post the last weeks were I literally laugh my ass off in this subreddit. I have been a member since i was a teenager but sad enough i turned 20 this year so im old now but i still love the sub even more than i did . Go teenagers i hope im still welcome . After all these years, I finally have the last one . I think I have a problem . think I have ascended to a new plain of loneliness , literally the god of solitude, a pure definition of the word singular . I have the immaculate ability to not know how to talk to people and not know what to do when someone starts taking to me, this is normal for teenagers but I have reached a new plain , I don’t talk to people , I don’t do anything to people . I also have the extraordinary ability to make girls not like me , in fact . I think I’m currently being friend zoned by the only person that would somewhat actively talk to me who is a girl . You may call me , Singular . Good day and now I’m off to watch the city and do absolutely nothing . A big tittle a very big tittle a very very big title . quick question . what was is the most stupidest reason not to date someone . or what was the stupidest reason someone has given you . I'll go first : because I'm black . If someone doesn't want to Date you because of your race , they aren't someone who you should be with anyway . agreed but you shouldn't string someone along for however long but then drop them for it . Dm me an idea of something to post , and I’ll have to post it as long as it doesn’t get me banned , uncomfortable . What challenges could I have people do through a discord call . I need ideas for a competition I’m doing in my server . Best Rick Astley impression while singing one of his songs . Sing like vitas , if you don’t know who he is look up vitas opera 2 . Then tell people to sing like this . Blast porn threw the speaker , who's ever mother comes in first has to but everyone Wendy's . Destiny 2 Juan noises XD . If its bigger than mine bruh . bro if i don't wanna send you my pics , i don't . people are weird . Should I give this letter to my crush . Maybe I'm friendzoned . So I started talking to a guy few months back and yesterday he told me that I'm the type of person he wants to be with but he values our friendship a lot . Maybe in future he'll ask me out . More viewers . I hate and love my friends at the same time . I'm a somewhat closeted bisexual black trans guy . By somewhat closeted I mean I'm pretty much out to anyone that doesn't associate with my main group of friends . This whole post is written by a dyslexic sorry in advance . I know for a fact that I would be ruthlessly bullied in my freind group if I ever told them I was trans they already can't go five minutes without insulting me or making of tasteless joke about me being black and bi being trans would worsen it all by ten times . It's like I'm always living in fear of wondering if my main group will ever run into someone I'm out to and it will all come crashing . This all sounds like hell and your probably wondering how I'm even freinds with these people but the thing is they've been with me for years . I've known them since the 6th grade and I know it would feel like I lose a part of myself if I got rid of them . They share all my interest we can talk for hours about whatever we play games I love these guys like brothers . I've always hated there racism and homophobia but I guess I've sweet it under the rug all these years because of how much I enjoy there company . It just hard you know I like them all but I also hate them with all my heart I don't really have people that aren't like this in my life . This all may be because I'm living in the suburbs and I was always warned suburban kids are like this but holy shit this is different . Almost every guy makes racist and homophobic jokes once In a while they often do it with people they know can handle a joke .